Installed the twilio and wasted two days on it (#93560)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/durable/durable-functions-phone-verification.md

[!code-csharp[Main](~/samples-durable-functions/samples/precompiled/PhoneVerification.cs?range=72-89)]

> [!NOTE]

> > You will need to install the `Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.Twilio` Nuget package to run the sample code. Do not install the `Twilio` nuget package because you will get version problem which will lead to build errors. 

Reviewer: Sorry for your frustration. This is probably good advice, but it needs to be a bit more clear. How about instead:
```suggestion
> You must first install the `Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.Twilio` Nuget package for Functions to run the sample code. Don't also install the main [Twilio nuget package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Twilio/) because this can cause versioning problems that result in build errors. 
```
